Hello HPR listeners and fellow podcasters,

Title:How I got into H4ͻkÏnģ (H4ͻkÏnģ:Hacking or hækɪŋ - One who does it is a hækɜr)
Summary:Flip Marley introduces himself to the HPR community and discusses his experiences with hacking, linux, the universe, and anything.

This is my first attempt at recording a podcast. Please bear with me. Constructive Feedback is appreciated.
I've been hacking as long as I can remember. I was the kid who would take apart the toaster to see how it worked... but maybe couldn't quite get it back together and functional again. I don't think I ever did take apart a toaster as a child. But I have taken apart a lot of things. Many of them have been restored to working order. Some have been modified to include new features or push existing features beyond the limits of the original design. Some things have been smashed to smithereens out of curiosity and/or frustration.

Linux. Hacking isn't linux. Linux may be hacking. You can hack without it. Lots of hackers like to use it. Whatever the case, GNU/Linux is awesome. GNU is nifty. the Linux kernel is pretty badass.

I first heard of linux in the tail end of the '90s. It was only a few years earlier that a friend was overheard asking his brother "What's the Internet?" And then we found out.

I was a video game junkie. It took me a while to accept that the NES *is* a computer. My brother had a serious temper which could be set off by character death at a crutial point in a game. He wasn't a bad player. But he hated to lose a life, not get as many points as he should have, or miss a critical button press by a few milliseconds. At times, he'd take this frustration out on the nearest item to hand... the controller. And sometimes blame the controller itself. And sometimes the controller, in fact, was to blame. Because he'd smashed it earlier and the button reliability was no longer optimal. Mom wouldn't buy a lot of controllers, so I had to try to fix them. I'd re-align the plastic buttons and the rubbery nipples that sit under the buttons so they'd actually contact the circuit board correctly. I could fix broken cases and missing screws with tape. I could fix malfunctioning cables with wire stripping, copper twisting, and tape. I did have to give up when the actual circuit board had broken connections. And I still can't solder for shit.

We matured from consoles to PC gaming. In 1993, we got an IBM PC with an Intel 486 DX2 25MHz. When I told a friend at school about it, he said "25MHz? Doom would be awesome on that" and it was. Ah, the glory days... configuring Sound Blaster drivers, DMA, and IRQs. Of course we used it for school work too. We had a nice color dot matrix printer with the continuous feed of perforated paper with the strips of holes onthe sides. My English teacher was impressed with the printed clipart that I used in one school project. But it was gaming, I believe, that sparked the passion for the machine. How does it work? How does it connect me to this simulated world? How does it fool me?
